refactor: rename `no-nested-components` rule (#6941)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/breezy-spiders-flash.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Added `@eslint-react/no-nested-component-definitions` rule to ESLint migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `@eslint-react/no-nested-component-definitions` as a rule source for `noNestedComponentDefinitions`. Now it will get picked up by `biome migrate --eslint`.
```
